Update and expand Build System feature module documentation (#887)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/modules/core-and-feature-module-overview.md

### Build system module

> This feature module contains a default implementation and tooling in the Unity Editor for building your GDK for Unity workers. See our [detailed documentation for set up and usage instructions]({{urlRoot}}/modules/build-system/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature module contains tooling for building your GDK for Unity workers inside the Unity Editor. See our [build system documentation]({{urlRoot}}/modules/build-system/overview) for more details on how to set it up and use it.
```

not sure if we need to say default implementation?
